hi welcome to another video for Sammy's
video com my name is samedi and do today
I'm going to talk about clash of clans
strategy part 42 and the topic of the
day is how to be the long spiking
strategy that a lot of people has
employed right now and I'm going to show
two separate attacks right now and show
how I drew break this wall without using
much of my wall breakers even though I
have it with me right now just in case I
meet with certain base designed i need
the wall breakers okay first in it
should look at this place you can see
that there's a lot of tombstone that
probably indicate there's no
reinforcement true but just to make sure
it's not a fake Tom strategy I put one
troop to test it second I need to lure
the barbarian king out of the base so i
deploy one archers to layer it out the
other address to lure a further away
from the defensive structures that will
defend the barbarian king so in that
case I can actually focus on the
barbarian King Espen normal in any kind
of know mr. a I attack use this a
short-range are barbarians and use these
arches as supporting fire in a long
range and after the Barbican is being
defeated I'm decided to attack on the
top left side the strategy is very
simple as you notice all your troops are
being attracted to the buildings they
are not within the walls so if the war
is not broken you'll go to the sites
right so do not deploy all your troops
or at once deploy half of it so that you
can treat clear at least that's the
exterior buildings at least half of the
exterior buildings before you deploy
anymore add additional troops so I just
wasted two operators to test whether if
this is a SD real long war spies haha
wide enough for me to drop the war
occurs by apparently the wall breakers
are not
is actually attracted to the spine so
after that you drop the truth right you
notice they actually go to the wall and
you can start using your rage spells
rage spells will give them additional
boost to their damage so they can't you
break the wall much more easier and
after breaking the walls you can simply
just drop in all your couplings your
archers your puppy ruins to clear the
lutes and storages that is right in the
center of the base obviously I have
additional advantage over this space
because I know my level 5 troops will
definitely win against certain level
these cowards defense structures so if
you are attacking someone that is higher
level than you are especially those with
higher trophies just be aware of your
troop levels and what kind capabilities
they can do in terms of how much damage
they do versus the wall they're going to
attack and versus the defensive
structures well the second attack I'm
going to do is very similar to this but
slightly much more difficult so from
here this is my iphone account and I'm
going to show you how is done okay this
is a triple-layer bunker design with the
similar almost similar kind of
strategies as you know all the defensive
structures if it's a spread out on the
size it's not very optimum as I've
discussed in some my life class and this
barbarian King is still alive so
together with the let me take a look
okay so I'm just attracted to pop your
king out and realize that this
particular anger is not very good so I'm
going to put a single archers and a
proton right and try to find a very
sweet spots for the popular in King to
come to attack me so I just discovered
this this angle which is not well
defended by any defensive structures and
I've decided to lure it out further
before i go to attack this
popular and king with the barbarians and
archers this is a level one barbarian so
it's not very high in terms of health
without any defensive structures to
cover the pub drinking is to is very
easy too deep to attack and to my
surprise that's not reinforcements for
this clan so I'm not quite sure what
happened but let's let's do this thing
again and deploy some troops to destroy
some of the buildings on the outside and
the popular king of mine is doing a good
job destroying some of the buildings
with a single blow is pretty cool okay
so I as you can see I still have plenty
of troops left so do not release all
your truthful if you want to attack
someone's base we double wall breakers
okay so i'm waiting for the archers word
puppy race to clear off as you can see
they are very easily clear off because
some of these buildings are put such a
way that there's no defensive structure
can defend them okay so the usual thing
drop additional troops put a rich spells
the goblins the the barbarians and of
course the Italians are very good wall
breakers with bridge spells and after
that just deploy the rest of the troops
and it's just a harvesting of the center
of the base and this is a very very
effective way to clear any kind of pace
that have long specking walls that do
not have a very high concentration of
tower defense no attacking a same area
on all sides as you can see some of the
defensive structures only now begin to
attack the center of the base which is a
really too late because most of the
resource I've already looted and taken
rice and busy that's it for this crash
of grand strategy part 42 and I hope you
liked this video and comment or comment
section below for anything you like or
do not like and of course do remember to
subscribe to this channel at youtube com
/ 70 s and 80
were to share this video to people who
needs it and thank you very much for
watching Simon's video have a nice day
see ya bye bye to support for this
podcast will visit Simon video com for
more podcasts and application reviews
thank you very much